Welcome, in this video, we're going to check out our newly created feature branch
and then submit a pull request to contribute our changes to our upstream repository.
First, let's check out the newly created branch;
if I click on "feature-readme" or select it from the dropdown,
I'm now on the "feature-readme" branch in my GitHub repository.
If I scroll down just a little bit, I can see that we have the "README.md" file.
The "README.md" file is a special file within GitHub;
if GitHub detects it, it will display it at the bottom of the repository listing.
Now that we've confirmed that those changes have made it up to GitHub
on that feature branch, let's proceed forward by submitting
these contributions to our upstream fork repository.
To start that process, I can click on the "Compare & pull request" button,
or within the listing of the repository I can click on "pull request"
when I'm on that corresponding branch.
I'm going to click on the "Compare & pull request" button to proceed.
By default, the pull request is going to set up
the relationship back to the upstream repository.
This happens when your repository is part of a fork, which it is.
I have my main fork, which is my upstream or parent repository on "scm-ninja",
and I have my fork, which is in my user space on GitHub.
I want to make sure that I'm comparing my feature branch to the branch
that I need to target in my parent repository, in this case master.
Once I'm satisfied with this relationship, I can scroll down and click on "Create pull request".
Excellent, once you've landed on this page, you have successfully created a pull request.
And what you'll also notice is that you'll land on the target repository
when this pull request is created. And that's an important distinction, because
what a pull request is is the request from the upstream repository to pull in your changes.